# Team Contract
___
## Purpose of this Contract

This contract sets out shared expectations and commitments for how our team will collaborate during the course. It is designed to promote accountability, professionalism, and mutual support as we complete individual preparation, readiness assurance tests, in-class activities, and our course project.

---
Team Norms and Expectations
---
### a) Prerequisites

* Given the introductory nature of this course, team members are expected to have, at minimum, the programming proficiency required in lower-level computer science courses.

* By choosing to enroll in this class, team members acknowledge that they are prepared, socially and emotionally, to handle the challenges and responsibilities that arise in a group project.
---
### b) Communication

* The primary avenue of communication for all project related and administrative matters will be a group Discord server. Should any member find themself unable to use the Discord application, communication using one's University of Toronto email address will also be accepted.

* Team members are expected to respond to communication within two days at the very most. This also includes weekends; for example, communication sent out on Saturday is expected to be answered before the end of Monday.

* Team members will notify their team of any deviations or difficulties related to their individual responsibilities. This includes giving notice of an absence from class or communicating difficulties completing assigned tasks.

* All members of the team must strive to create an environment where everyone is comfortable communicating and feels their communications are valued. In addition to previous conditions, this includes using respectful language and treating the opinions of all members with respect.
---
### c) Decision-Making

* All members of the team will possess equal control and responsibility for all project decisions.

* All decisions should ideally be agreed on unanimously.

* If a consensus is impossible, a majority vote will be used for decision-making.
---
### d) Participation and Work Quality

* For the duration of the semester, it is mandatory that team members **consistently** engage with course content to effectively participate in group activities.

* Experience with computer science and group work differ between members of the team; that said, it is still expected that all members of the team find some avenue to meaningfully contribute to course activities and team discussions.

* Team members are required to complete assigned tasks before deadlines. Additionally, every member must ensure their work meets course expectations by writing clean readable code and testing their code.

* Team members agree to open pull requests, in order to consult with other group members to ensure code readability and avoid needless conflicts, before merging code with the main project branch.
---
## Conflict resolution

* Any personal conflict between team members can be resolved with or without the group should the involved parties wish, so long as the issue does not hinder group activities.

* Should any conflict affecting course activities arise between members of the team, a group meeting will be held to gather input from both parties and collectively reach a mutually satisfying resolution.

* If the group is unable to resolve a conflict, the issue will be escalated to a teacher, T.A, or course administrator.
---

## Accountability

* Team members agree to indicate all portions of their code generated by AI or copied directly from external sources. In addition, team members will give the prompt and model that generated the code or the URL of where the code was taken from.

* Members must fully understand all code they contribute for credit and feel comfortable justifying the logic and design choices within their code. This includes all contributions to the final project.

* All members of the team acknowledge that they are subject to and responsible for accurate peer evaluations of all team members based on their contributions to the group.
---

---

By signing below, we acknowledge that we have read, discussed, and agreed to these terms. We understand that this contract is binding for the duration of the course and may be revised with the agreement of all team members.

Team Member Signatures:

Sana, Yechan,
Rohan Kuan, Gurmanat Singh Kahlon,
Chuheng Zheng,
Ishaan Sendhil
